*: fix errors reported by languagetool (#6069)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/guetzli.md

`guetzli {{input.jpg}} {{output.jpg}}`

- Create a compressed JPEG from a PNG:

`guetzli {{input.png}} {{output.jpg}}`

> - Compress a JPEG with the desired visual quality (84-100):

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
- Compress a JPEG with the specified visual quality (between 84 and 100, inclusive):
```
